Updating Bulk Enablement for non-Powershell Example (#9427)
github/docs: content/code-security/code-scanning/automatically-scanning-your-code-for-vulnerabilities-and-errors/setting-up-code-scanning-for-a-repository.md

In the default {% data variables.product.prodname_codeql_workflow %}, {% data variables.product.prodname_code_scanning %} is configured to analyze your code each time you either push a change to the default branch or any protected branches, or raise a pull request against the default branch. As a result, {% data variables.product.prodname_code_scanning %} will now commence.

## Bulk set up of {% data variables.product.prodname_code_scanning %} 

> You can set up {% data variables.product.prodname_code_scanning %} in many repositories at once using a script. For an example of a script that raises pull requests to add a {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflow to multiple repositories, see the [`jhutchings1/Create-ActionsPRs`](https://github.com/jhutchings1/Create-ActionsPRs) repository for an example using Powershell, or [`nickliffen/ghas-enablement`](https://github.com/NickLiffen/ghas-enablement) for teams who do not have Powershell and instead would like to use NodeJS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up {% data variables.product.prodname_code_scanning %} in many repositories at once using a script. If you'd like to use a script to raise pull requests that add a {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflow to multiple repositories, see the [`jhutchings1/Create-ActionsPRs`](https://github.com/jhutchings1/Create-ActionsPRs) repository for an example using Powershell, or [`nickliffen/ghas-enablement`](https://github.com/NickLiffen/ghas-enablement) for teams who do not have Powershell and instead would like to use NodeJS. 
```
